So, what we'll do first,
is we need to get access to dispatch so we can connect this component.
Then the action creator that we want to invoke is going to be handleAddTweet,
which is going to come from actions/tweets.
Then now, what we want to export is our connected component,
which will give us access to dispatch.
So, now inside of here,
what we can do is instead of console.logging,
we want to dispatch the handleAddTweet action creator.
So, let's grab this dispatch,
which is going to come from this.props and then we can dispatch,
handleAddTweet passing it the text of the new tweet.
If you remember, handleAddTweet is going to take in the text of the new tweet,
as well as the idea of the tweet we are replying to if we are replying to a new tweet.
So, now what we need to do is we need to figure out how we can know if
the user is replying to a tweet rather than just composing their own.
Well, if you look at the final app here,
you'll notice that if we compose our new tweet,
this is a view that eventually React router is going to render for us when we go to /new.
But if we click on a tweet,
we get taken to this page.
This is now a view that React router is going to render for us as well.
But notice React router isn't rendering this portion of the page.
We're actually going to manually render the new tweet component and when we do that,
what we can do is we can pass it an ID.
So, what that will mean is if we pass Compose new Tweet,
the component that we're making or we're working with right now,
an ID property, that means we are replying to a new tweet.
If we don't, in this case,
we won't because React router is rendering this whole view.
Then that means we are just creating
a brand new tweet and we are not replying to any tweets.
So, what that will allow us to do is inside here, we will grab the ID,
and then we can pass that to handle new tweet because if this.props that ID is a thing,
then that means we are replying to the tweet with this ID.
If it's not, then that means we are just composing our brand new tweet.
So, now we can test out if this is working by adding a new tweet.
We're not going to get redirected to the Home view,
but you'll notice here that we dispatch ADD_TWEET.
If we look at the brand new state,
what we should see in here is a brand new tweet down
here that it has the author of the authenticated user,
we have a brand new ID, we have no likes that replies replying to this and all,
the text is, "This is a new tweet," and the timestamp looks good.
So, it looks like everything's working.